cooking news plans vegan easy hi
everyone its anya from cooking with
plants and today on making a no oil
added hornets this is great for a snack
whenever you're hungry great for
breakfast lunch or dinner and great for
your kids and for lunches so let's get
started the main ingredients that i use
as a base for localness is a tin of
chick peas and a tin of cannellini beans
or butter beans or any other white theme
that you may have on hand
I do sometimes cook the beans from
scratch as well but just for a quick
easy homeless recipe I like to use the
tinned and I also use some of the liquid
from the tin so these are organic and
they are in water and some salt so I
won't be adding too much extra salt
sometimes I don't add any extra salt at
all just depending on who I'm cooking
for on the day and what the purpose is
for the homeless
so I'll start by just drain leads very
quickly so just get the juice out of it
chickpeas just roughly drain them there
will be some chickpeas leftover I'm
using a food processor today it just
takes less liquid to actually make them
but I do quite often make it in the
blender as well you'll just need to add
more liquid till you get the right
consistency even though the tin of peas
so next I'm going to do the same thing
as I just did with the chickpeas but
with the cannellini beans again roughly
draining them
while I remember I'm also going to take
out just a few of these chickpeas for
decorating the UM almost at the end when
I put them into a bowl too also I'll
just leave those there in a little on a
little plate for later and I'll add in
the cannellini beans so each of these
tins has four hundred and twenty-five
grams so if you if you're cooking these
from scratch maybe about a cup and a
half to two cups and then you can just
gauge the moisture level and add more
moisture to the mixture as you need it
next I'm adding in two very large cloves
of garlic it's up to you how much garlic
you want to use sometimes we use up to
six cloves of garlic so my husband likes
to be very heavy-handed with his garlic
today I'm just using two large cloves
probably equivalent to about four small
or for regular sights cloves those in
okay next I'm adding the juice of one
lemon you can add the juice of two if
you like a lemony taste just adjust the
taste as you go as to your preference
next I'm adding two tablespoons of
tahini which is just ground up sesame
paste there's no added oil in this paste
at all it's just 100% ground-up sesame
seeds this is really good for iron a
little bit of extra iron and the lemon
juice in this will also help with the
absorption of the iron so love your
hummus next I'm adding in 1 teaspoon of
ground-up cumin seeds but you can also
use the whole seat if you like they're
nice and add a little bit of a nice
texture in there too but today I
earning the ground version as I
mentioned earlier we are going to be
adding some of the salty liquid from the
beans and the chickpeas but you can add
salt and pepper to taste and I am going
to add a little bit of Celtic sea salt
today and some white pepper I just like
the way the white pepper brings out the
flavors so I've got about 1 teaspoon of
Celtic sea salt and about quarter of a
teaspoon of the white pepper now as I
mentioned earlier when I'm making hummus
depending on if I'm making it in the
food processor or in my blender the
liquid that's used will vary because you
don't need as much liquid when using a
food processor so just to start with I'm
going to put probably about
well--that's quarter of a cup and a
little bit more that's about half a cup
there to start with
and I'll just start that blending
process and just see what texture will
be like and if I need to adjust it I'll
do so at that time so that's been
processing for about half a minute and
that is quite a run consistency I
probably could have even used a little
bit less liquid I'm just so used to
making it in my blender instead of here
that it's ended up a bit more runny so
maybe start with quarter of a cup of the
mixture give it a taste if mmm
Oh YUM Oh I've actually got my son home
today so I'm going to call him in in a
minute to taste this and give you some
feedback on how good this is
yeah okay so I've got my son Josh with
me here and he loves his hummus so I'm
just serving him out some and I'm gonna
take fire getting to do we get him to do
a taste test for you there we go making
me hungry how's that taste awesome
if you rabbit and homemade Homer in such
a long time so we're just having these
with some little rice crackers brown
rice crackers with a little bit of
tomato seaweed those and that's just a
really easy combination it's also great
with some carrot sticks or some bell
peppers dipped into it anything you like
really these are just fantastic so if
you like today's recipe please give it a
thumbs up and if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel please do so
you get all of my future recipes as well
and check out all the other things that
I've already made let me know if there's
anything in particular that you'd like
me to make for you for next time and I
will see you then say goodbye five